EXECUTION COPY
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT is entered into on May 16, 2000 by and
between SD ACQUISITION INC., a Nebraska corporation (the "Buyer"), and
TRANSGENOMIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Seller"). The Buyer and the
Seller are referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the
Parties.
WHEREAS, the Buyer desires to purchase the assets, and assume certain
liabilities, of the Seller that are used by Seller in, or otherwise relate to,
the manufacture and sale of certain non-life science scientific instruments that
are marketed by the Seller under the CETAC Technologies brand (the "CETAC
Products"), and Seller desires to sell and convey such assets, subject to such
liabilities, all pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof;
Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises
herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties, and
covenants herein contained, the Parties agree as follows.
1. DEFINITIONS.
"ACQUIRED ASSETS" means all of:
(a) the leaseholds in real property, including all amounts delivered
to the lessor by Seller, representing a security deposit with respect to
the leaseholds, and the improvements, fixtures, and fittings thereon
described in Schedule 1.1 (the "Leases");
(b) all raw materials, supplies, manufactured and purchased parts,
goods in process and finished goods described in Schedule 1.2 (the
"Inventory");
(c) machinery, equipment, furniture, fixtures, vehicles, trailers,
leasehold improvements and tools described in Schedule 1.3 (the "Fixed
Assets");
(d) the patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures
(including all reissuances, continuations, continuations-in-part,
revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof), trademarks, service
marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, (including all translations,
adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof, all goodwill associated
therewith, and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection
therewith), copyrights (including applications, registrations, and renewals
in connection therewith) that are described in Schedule 1.4 hereof plus any
trade secrets and confidential business information (including ideas,
research and development, know-how, formulas, compositions, manufacturing
and production processes and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings,
specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information,
and business and marketing plans and proposals relating directly and
exclusively to the manufacture and marketing of the CETAC Products and all
tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever form or medium) (the
"Intellectual Property");
<PAGE>
(e) the agreements, contracts, instruments, security interests,
guaranties, warranties and other intangible property rights described in
Schedule 1.5 (the "Intangible Property");
(f) the accounts, notes and other receivables relating to sales of the
CETAC Products occurring after March 31, 2000 (the "Accounts Receivable");
(g) the permits, licenses, orders, registrations, certificates,
variances, and similar rights obtained from governments and governmental
agencies relating to the manufacture and sale of the CETAC Products
described in Schedule 1.6 (the "Permits");
(h) the books, records, ledgers, files, documents, correspondence,
lists, plats, architectural plans, drawings, and specifications, creative
materials, advertising and promotional materials, studies, reports, and
other printed or written materials relating to the CETAC Products (the
"Documents"); and
(i) all funds held in the Section 125 Employee Reimbursement Accounts
for Healthcare and Dependent Care relating to the employees set forth in
Schedule 3(n) and all related reports from the administrator relating to
participants and their balances.
Acquired Assets shall not include any other asset other that those described
above and, specifically, shall not include (i) the corporate charter,
qualifications to conduct business as a foreign corporation, arrangements with
Asset Purchase Agreement - SD Acquisition Inc. and Transgenomic Inc. - Sample Contracts and Bus... https://contracts.onecle.com/transgenomic/sdacq.apa.2000.05.16.shtml
2 of 20 29/05/2025, 13:45
registered agents relating to foreign qualifications, taxpayer and other
identification numbers, seals, minute books, stock transfer books, blank stock
certificates, and other documents relating to the organization, maintenance, and
existence of the Seller as a corporation or (ii) any of the rights of the Seller
under this Agreement.
"ASSUMED LIABILITIES" means only those Liabilities and obligations of
the Seller set forth in Schedule 1.7, including, specifically, all trade
liabilities incurred in connection with the manufacture of the CETAC Products
after March 31, 2000. Assumed Liabilities do not include (i) any Liability of
the Seller for unpaid Taxes for periods prior to the Closing Date, (ii) any
Liability of the Seller for income, transfer, sales, use, and other Taxes
arising in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby (including any income Taxes arising because the Seller is transferring
the Acquired Assets, (iii) any Liability of the Seller for the unpaid Taxes of
any Person other than the Seller under Treas. Reg. sec 1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by
contract or otherwise, (iv) any obligation of the Seller to indemnify any Person
by reason of the fact that such Person was a director, officer, employee, or
agent of the Seller or was serving at the request of the Seller as a partner,
trustee, director, officer, employee, or agent of another entity (whether such
indemnification is for judgments, damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid
in settlement, losses, expenses, or otherwise and whether such indemnification
is pursuant to any statute, charter document, bylaw, agreement, or otherwise),
(v) any Liability of the Seller for costs and expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, or (vi) any
Liability or obligation of the Seller under this Agreement.
"BUYER" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.
"BUYER NOTE" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) below.
2
<PAGE>
"BUYER'S PLAN" has the meaning set forth in Section 4(f) below.
"CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980, as amended.
"CETAC PRODUCTS" has the meaning set forth in the preface above.
"CLOSING" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(f) below.
"CLOSING DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(f) hereof.
"CODE" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
"CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" means any information concerning the Acquired
Assets or otherwise relating to the CETAC Products that is not already generally
available to the public.
"DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES" has the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof.
"DWYER GUARANTEE" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(d) hereof.
"ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, AND SAFETY LAWS" means CERCLA, RCRA, and the
Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, together with all other
laws (including rules, regulations, codes, plans, injunctions, judgments,
orders, decrees, rulings, and charges thereunder) of federal, state, local, and
foreign governments (and all agencies thereof) concerning pollution or
protection of the environment, public health and safety, or employee health and
safety, including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases, or
threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants, or chemical, industrial,
hazardous, or toxic materials or wastes into ambient air, surface water, ground
water, or lands or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or handling of
pollutants, contaminants, or chemical, industrial, hazardous, or toxic materials
or wastes.
"FACILITY" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(b) below.
"IPO" means the initial pubic offering of the Seller's common stock
pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.